As I mentioned at the end of last video.
Let's go over to our service really quickly.
Inside the CRC directory, I will find the indexed file.
So rather than having a hardcoded URL right here, let's instead move that over to the deployment file
and set it up as an environment variable.
So I'm going to take that string right there.
I'm going to cut it.
I'll then go and find my off deployment file.
Here's the deployment file.
I'll find the EMV section.
I'll add in a new environment variable with the name of Mongo Uri and then set the value like so.
We are inside the deployment file, so I'm going to triple check and make sure I've got off.
Off.
I'll then save this.
And I will go back over to the index file again inside of the service.
Now let's do the same thing we just did over inside of tickets.
So I'll say if not process and v mongo uri.
Your new air.
Mango.
Your eye must be defined.
And then I will reference that as the first argument to connect the process.
E and v mongo uri.
I'll save.
And then finally, let's just make sure this is still working.
So I'll flip back over to my terminal.
Looks like the deployment was restarted, so hopefully we are connecting to MongoDB.
Now if you see an error here, remember there is some weirdness for some reason when we start to change
environment variables.
So if you see some kind of error and you're really sure you wrote everything correctly, I would encourage
you to restart scaffold.
All right, so that should be it.
Okay.
So we've got some good setup, complete with tickets.
Let's take a pause right here.
We're going to start writing out some route handlers, some tests and so on in the next video.